we used the mathematical equation to
understand the flow around the human
sperm
when we did that and what we found was
the sperm swimming has particular
rhythmical
beating it's like swinging pushing ring
this kind of 4-bit button i really
look at the spam journey from
mathematical
point of view so we look at how spam
swim
how the spam is selected and this
physical story is what i would like to
know the important thing to understand
the
mechanism is that is required for
infertility treatment
and also very interesting when we
understand what's going on
if we understand what's happening in the
female body
we may have some cues for the treatment
you